docs: sync/reconciliation (#25576)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/sync/index.mdx

not modify the previously synced secrets. It is possible to update an association to force a recreate operation.
The secret synced with the old granularity will be deleted and new secrets will be synced according to the new granularity.

## Reconciliation

> Vault Secrets Sync is designed to be resilient to transient failures and automatically recover from them.
> If a sync operation fails, Vault will retry the operation a few times with exponential backoff.
> Every so often, Vault will also perform a scan of all secrets that are managed by the sync system and attempt to reconcile
> any out-of-date secrets to ensure that configured destinations are up-to-date.
> This can be useful in situations like dropped update events or external service downtime.
> The reconciliation process is automatic and happens in a background thread. No action is required by the user to opt-in to this behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault Secrets Sync is designed to automatically recover from transient failures
in two ways: operation retries and reconciliation scans.

Operation retries happen when a sync operation fails. Vault automatically
retries the operation with exponential backoff. Operation retries help in
situations where your network becomes unreliable or overwhelmed.

Reconciliation scans happen periodically in a background thread. Vault scans all
secrets currently managed by the sync system to identify and update out-of-date
secrets, and to ensure that any configured destinations are up-to-date.
Reconciliation scans help in situations where you have dropped update events or
external service downtimes that are outside of your control.

Operation retries and reconciliation scans are both enabled by default.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, make content easy to scan

not modify the previously synced secrets. It is possible to update an association to force a recreate operation.
The secret synced with the old granularity will be deleted and new secrets will be synced according to the new granularity.

> ## Reconciliation

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to point out that this is one way?

We do not detect nor import out-of-band overwrites that occur directly on secrets at the destination.

Vault Secrets Sync is designed to automatically recover from transient failures
in two ways: operation retries and reconciliation scans.

Operation retries happen when a sync operation fails. Vault automatically

> retries the operation with exponential backoff. Operation retries help in

Reviewer 2: Should we give general numbers? Like retries depend on the destination type but are usually in the range of 3 to 5 retries over 20 seconds at most. Something like that?

Author: I also think this could be subject to change and a bit low level for the user. Maybe in the future, we want this to be configurable as well.

> situations where your network becomes unreliable or overwhelmed.

Reviewer 2: I think the doc rarely uses the 2nd person point of view with you/your. I think it is more typical to use a 3rd person voice so in this case we'd address just "the network" or "Vault's network" not "your network".

> Reconciliation scans happen periodically in a background thread. Vault scans all

Reviewer 2: Should we say how often or this is too detailed and subject to change?

Author: Personally I think it's too detailed and subject to change, especially once we have a dedicated configuration for it.

secrets currently managed by the sync system to identify and update out-of-date
secrets, and to ensure that any configured destinations are up-to-date.
Reconciliation scans help in situations where you have dropped update events or

> external service downtimes that are outside of your control.

Reviewer 2: I don't think I'd mention dropped events. I'm afraid it'll lead to uncomfortable questions and paint Vault as unreliable. I'd just mention it lets us automatically recover/self-heal from outstanding service disruptions or something and leave it at that. Put the emphasis on how it protects us against the whims of the 3rd party.
